<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">

<ui:composition template="/sample/commonLayout.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="templateContent">		


<f:event type="preRenderView" listener="#{autenticarBean.check}" />

<div class="col75" >
						
<h1>HTML 5 &lt;iframe&gt; Tag</h1>
							

<p>The HTML <code>&lt;iframe&gt;</code> tag is used to specify an inline frame, or, as the HTML5 specification refers to it, a <i>nested browsing context</i>. </p>
<p>An inline frame allows you to embed another document within the 
current HTML document. It also allows you to provide an inline frame 
without using another document - by simply passing the content to the <code>&lt;iframe&gt;</code> via the <code>srcdoc</code> attribute.</p>

<p></p>
<h:outputLink value="herdo2.jsf" styleClass="botao1">Go to Herdo 2</h:outputLink> 
<p></p>

<h2>Usage</h2>
<p>Inline frames are often used in online advertising, where the contents of the <code>&lt;iframe&gt;</code> is an ad from an external party.</p>
<p>Inline frames are typically created using a second HTML document. 
This second document contains the content within the inline frame. You 
use the iframe <code>src</code> attribute to specify the source of the other document, as well as other attributes to determine the height, width etc.</p>
<p>Inline frames can also be created without a second document. To do this, you need to use the <code>srcdoc</code> attribute to pass the content that should appear within the inline frame/<i>nested browsing context</i>.</p>
<div class="info">
<p>Note that in previous versions of HTML, you could create "fallback content" by placing content within the opening and closing <code>&lt;iframe&gt;</code> <code>&lt;/iframe&gt;</code> tags. In HTML 5 however, the <code>&lt;iframe&gt;</code> element never has fallback content.</p>
</div>
<h2>The 'seamless' Attribute</h2>
<p>HTML 5 doesn't support attributes such as <code>frameborder</code>, <code>scrolling</code>, <code>marginwidth</code>, and <code>marginheight</code> (which were supported in HTML 4.01). However, the WHATWG HTML Living Standard has introduced the <code>seamless</code> attribute. The <code>seamless</code>
 attribute allows the inline frame to appear as though it is being 
rendered as part of the containing document. For example, borders and 
scrollbars will not appear. </p>
<p><strong>Note however, that the <code>seamless</code> attribute is not supported by the W3C HTML5 specification.</strong></p>

<h2>Example</h2>
<p>Here is an example of the HTML code used to create an inline frame 
(or a "nested browsing context"). Note that this example uses the <code>seamless</code>
 attribute, which is new in HTML 5. If you see scrollbars and a border 
around the inline frame, it's because your browser doesn't support the <code>seamless</code> attribute.</p>

</div>


<div class="col25 sidebar">
	
<h4>Opções Relacionadas</h4>

<ul>
<li><a href="/html/tags/" title="Alphabetical list of all HTML tags">Incluir Novo</a></li>
<li><a href="/html/tags/" title="Alphabetical list of all HTML tags">Legenda</a></li>
<li><a href="/html/tags/" title="Alphabetical list of all HTML tags">Exportar</a></li>
</ul>

<hr/>

<h4>Pesquisa</h4>

		<h:panelGrid columns="1" width="90%" cellspacing="1" cellpadding="3">	
				<h:column><h:outputText value="Busca por Nome"/></h:column>
				<h:column><h:inputText value="#{cadastrarUsuarioBean.buscaNome}"/></h:column>  
				<h:column><h:outputText value="Busca por Email"/></h:column>
				<h:column><h:inputText value="#{cadastrarUsuarioBean.buscaEmail}"/></h:column>  				
				<h:column><a4j:commandButton action="#{cadastrarUsuarioBean.buscarListagemUsuarios}" value="Buscar" render="idPanelCadastrumListagem" styleClass="botao2"/></h:column>
				<h:column><a4j:commandLink action="#{cadastrarUsuarioBean.buscaListagemUsuarios}" value="Buscar" render="idPanelCadastrumListagem" styleClass="botao2" /></h:column>
		</h:panelGrid>



<rich:calendar/>
</div>

	<h:panelGrid >	
				
				<h:form id="muodossaLegendas">
				<a4j:outputPanel id="dimmer" style="position: absolute; left:0px;   top:0px; width: 250px; height: 300px; background-color: red; display:none"  >	
					<!-- ui:include src="/jsf/common/viewLegendas.xhtml"/  -->					
				</a4j:outputPanel>	
				</h:form>
												
	</h:panelGrid>


</ui:define>

</ui:composition>

</html>