<ui:composition 
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
    xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
    xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    

<div>

<div class="section">
<h2>Welcome to the Apache MyFaces Project</h2>
<P>Apache MyFaces is a project of the Apache Software Foundation, and hosts 
several sub-projects relating to the JavaServer(tm) technology. If you want to 
know more about how JavaServer(tm) Faces works, take a look at the MyFaces <A 
href="http://myfaces.apache.org/jsfintro.html">introduction to JSF</A></P>
<P>The Apache MyFaces project provides:</P>
<UL>
  <li>a JavaServer(tm) Faces implementation (MyFaces API, MyFaces Impl modules)</li>
  <li>several component libraries containing UI widgets for building 
  web-applications with JSF (e.g. MyFaces Tomahawk, MyFaces Trinidad, MyFaces 
  Tobago)</li>
  <li>extension packages to JavaServer(tm) Faces (e.g. MyFaces Orchestra, MyFaces Extensions Validator, MyFaces Extensions CDI)</li>
  <li>integration modules to other technologies and standards (e.g. MyFaces Portlet Bridge for integration with the portlet-standard)</li>
</UL>
<P><B>Quickstart</B></P>
<UL>
  <li>Make sure to have a look at our component libraries examples. For 
  Tomahawk, you can find a working distribution <A class="externalLink" 
  href="http://www.irian.at/myfaces/">here</A>. The source-code is available as 
  part of the MyFaces Tomahawk project.</li>
  <li>Find instructions on installing them yourselves in our <A 
  href="http://myfaces.apache.org/gettingstarted.html">Getting Started</A> 
  section. For additional information, you can refer to our WIKI</li></UL>
</div>
  
<div class="section">
<H2><h:outputText value="#{informarBean.variavelTeste}"/></H2>
<P>For receiving the latest and greatest news about MyFaces you can follow us on 
feed.</P>
</div>

<div class="section">
<H2>November 14, 2010 - MyFaces Extensions CDI 0.9.0 Released</H2>
<P>MyFaces Extensions CDI (aka MyFaces CODI) has been released.</P>
<P>Further details can be found <A class="externalLink" 
href="http://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/EXTCDI">here</A></P>
<P>Release notes: <A class="externalLink" 
href="http://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/ReleaseNote.jspa?version=12314885&amp;styleName=Html&amp;projectId=12311071&amp;Create=Create">here</A></P>
</div>
<div class="section">
<H2>September 25, 2010 - Myfaces Core 2.0.2 Release</H2>
<P>MyFaces Core 2.0.2 has been released. It is available from the <A 
href="http://myfaces.apache.org/download.html">download</A> page, and in the 
central Maven repository under Group ID "org.apache.myfaces.core".</P>
<P>Release notes can be found <A class="externalLink" 
href="https://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/ReleaseNote.jspa?projectId=10600&amp;styleName=Html&amp;version=12315348">here</A></P></div>

<div class="section">
<H2>July 18, 2010 - Myfaces Core 2.0.1 Release</H2>
<P>MyFaces Core 2.0.1 has been released. It is available from the <A 
href="http://myfaces.apache.org/download.html">download</A> page, and in the 
central Maven repository under Group ID "org.apache.myfaces.core".</P>
<P>Release notes can be found <A class="externalLink" 
href="http://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/ReleaseNote.jspa?projectId=10600&amp;styleName=Html&amp;version=12315117">here</A></P></div>

<div class="section">
<H2>July 05, 2010 - New MyFaces Extensions Validator Milestone</H2>
<P>A new milestone of the next MyFaces ExtVal release (r4) is available in the 
Apache <A class="externalLink" 
href="http://people.apache.org/repo/m2-snapshot-repository/org/apache/myfaces/extensions/validator/">snapshot 
repository</A>.</P>
<P>It provides several new features as well as improvements and bugfixes. Also 
if you don't need the new features, the usage of the new milestone is 
recommended!</P>
<P>The milestone is available for JSF 1.2 and JSF 2.0. ExtVal for JSF 1.1 is 
available in the SVN repository.</P></div>

<div class="section">
<H2>June 10, 2010 - Myfaces Core 1.2.9 Release</H2>
<P>MyFaces Core 1.2.9 has been released. It is available from the <A 
href="http://myfaces.apache.org/download.html">download</A> page, and in the 
central Maven repository under Group ID "org.apache.myfaces.core".</P>
<P>Release notes can be found <A class="externalLink" 
href="http://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/ReleaseNote.jspa?projectId=10600&amp;styleName=Html&amp;version=12315113">here</A></P>
</div>

<div class="section">
<H2>June 10, 2010 - Myfaces Core 1.1.8 Release</H2>
<P>MyFaces Core 1.1.8 has been released. It is available from the <A 
href="http://myfaces.apache.org/download.html">download</A> page, and in the 
central Maven repository under Group ID "org.apache.myfaces.core".</P>
<P>Release notes can be found <A class="externalLink" 
href="http://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/ReleaseNote.jspa?projectId=10600&amp;styleName=Html&amp;version=12315115">here</A></P>
</div>

<div class="section">
<H2>April 21, 2010 - Myfaces Core 2.0.0 Release</H2>
<P>MyFaces Core 2.0.0 has been released. It is available from the <A 
href="http://myfaces.apache.org/download.html">download</A> page, and in the 
central Maven repository under Group ID "org.apache.myfaces.core".</P>
<P>Release notes can be found here</P>
</div>

<div class="section">
<H2>March 22, 2010 - MyFaces Extensions Validator Released</H2>
<P>A major version of MyFaces Extensions Validator (aka MyFaces ExtVal) has been 
released.</P>
<P>The project is available at: <A class="externalLink" 
href="http://myfaces.apache.org/extensions/validator">http://myfaces.apache.org/extensions/validator</A></P>
<P>The release contains several improvements and new features as well as a new 
validation module for using Bean-Validation (JSR 303) with JSF 1.x and 2.0. 
Compared to the standard integration of BV in JSF 2.0 MyFaces ExtVal 2.0.3 
offers more advanced and typesafe features.</P>
<P>Release notes can be found <A class="externalLink" 
href="http://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/ReleaseNote.jspa?projectId=12310821&amp;styleName=Html&amp;version=12314098">here 
for 2.0.3</A> and <A class="externalLink" 
href="http://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/ReleaseNote.jspa?projectId=12310821&amp;styleName=Html&amp;version=12313876">here 
for 1.2.3</A> and <A class="externalLink" 
href="http://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/ReleaseNote.jspa?projectId=12310821&amp;styleName=Html&amp;version=12313875">here 
for 1.1.3</A>.</P></div>

<div class="section">
</div>

<div class="section">
</div>

<div class="section">
</div>

<div class="section">
<H2>Sep 15, 2008 - MyFaces Commons 1.0.0 Released</H2>
<P>The Myfaces Commons project has been released.</P>
<P>It is available from the <A 
href="http://myfaces.apache.org/download.html">download</A> page, and in the 
central Maven repository under Group ID "org.apache.myfaces.commons"</P><!-- Resources --><!-- If you are new to JavaServer Faces Technology look at the --><!-- following resources to become familar with JSF: --><!-- * {{{http://www.jsfcentral.com}JSFCentral}} --><!-- * {{{http://www.jamesholmes.com/JavaServerFaces}James Holmes' JSF Resources}} --><!-- * {{{http://wiki.apache.org/myfaces/UsefulLinks}Additional links in the WIKI}} -->
</div>

</div>

</ui:composition>
